(19:00 - Desk)
Maria found solace in her room, it was her very own sanctuary.
It was easier there to ignore everything that was bothering her.
Maria has always wanted to work as an artist, but she always feared following
through on that life plan.
It scared her: Not being fast enough at delivering work on time, consistent
enough at practicing her skills, or interesting enough for anyone to take note of her.
What if everything she created was meaningless.
Who does she want to find meaning in her work?
What if she runs out of things she’d like to say?
Even right now, she is having trouble finding anything to be vulnerable about.
“Nothing comes out unless the damn stars align. Why do I still bother?”
The unknown is too great a risk. The next step, nebulous.
The world outside her room seemed dangerous and unforgiving, so it felt safe
not to engage with it.
“This is fine”, she muttered to herself, while grabbing her phone.
Maria scrolls to and from her favorite group chat, checking if her best friend,
Annie, the owner of the server, has written anything tonight.
“Guess she hasn’t come back from work yet.”
As the minutes passed, Maria felt a familiar loneliness.
She went through every new message, every notification, there was nothing
else worth reading, but she kept scrolling, until eventually she ended up on the chat
for serious real life conversation and vents.
She thought about writing there, but in the end, she felt better just reading
other people’s stories and commiserating with them, giving them advice, or
expressing some kind of empathy.
She liked reminding herself there are always people worse off than her in this
world, and that she should probably be grateful.
Though she knew deep down she didn’t care about any of them.
Is that such a bad way to think about people?
…
(20:00 - Desk)
M: “wb Ann”
A: “Hey! How are you feeling tonight?”
M: “I’m ok”
M: “wanna play a bit?”
A: “Ah, maybe a match, sure, lesgoo.”
…
(21:00 - Desk)
A: “So Maria, how’s life been, like, actually?”
M: “I’ve been trying to get into art again, maybe get some commissions? But
idk. I feel like a fraud, like I’m only telling myself I’m doing it to not go back to being a
wage slave again.”
A: “Ah, I think your drawings are lovely! But yeah, I feel the same way
sometimes. It’s a rough world out there, I just feel like disappearing sometimes.”
M: “Yeah, or at least not to engage with anyone. There’s nothing out there for
me.”
A: “In my commute to work I get weirdly existential too. I honestly can’t see an
escape, but at least everyone else is also suffering with me.”
A: “Yet on my commute from work all I think about is “what’s for dinner?”. So
easy to forget all the day’s suffering as soon as work’s over, at least for a couple
hours.”
A: “Do you think about that kinda stuff too?”
M: “I’d rather just block it out, especially cause I’m not the biggest victim of
corporate life.”
M: “I pretend like I’m ok most days. But I feel like I need a real purpose.”
A: “I think fake it till you make it is about all we can do tbh. Ahh, good game!”
M: “ya gg lol”
…
(23:00 - Desk)
Maria wishes Annie a good night and goes to bed.
…
(23:50 - Bed)
…
Tonight, the quiet felt different.
Maria couldn’t sleep. She felt her mind grow anxious.
She had an urge to get back up and walked up the stairs, nonetheless,
unsettled.
(00:00 - Room)
(CG - Der Notizblock)
Maria sat at her desk, with a pencil over the page. She glanced toward the
window.
The curtains were half-drawn, the street beyond, dark. She felt a heavier than
usual atmosphere.
…
Her hand started trembling, yet she kept it hovering over the page.
…
All she had to do was put it down.
…
Push it down and the inertial standstill of her daily routine ends, and she can
finally make some progress.
But she couldn’t.
…
Usually, she had extreme trouble focusing with any kind of noise, but the rain
was different.
Accompanied by the beautiful sounds of the rain, she feels calm, like she can
get under a comfy blanket, with nobody bothering her.
But she doesn’t feel like she deserves to be feeling comfortable. Not at this
point. She needs to be productive.
Everyone else’s life is progressing steadily but hers. Why is that?
…
She noticed the streetlight beside her house was starting to flicker.
“Well, it’s trying its best. Unlike me.”
…
She was in her very own mental space, yet nothing came of it.
Why did she feel so trapped?
(Light shifts over the window)
…
“… What?”
(CG view through the window)
I froze, my heart pounding in my chest.
Is there someone standing there? For what possible reason?
I can barely make out their figure—someone wearing a white raincoat?
They are standing there, in the middle of the street, shifting slightly, as if tipsy.
It strangely felt like they were looking vaguely in my direction.
Suddenly, my heart dropped to the floor, and my mind’s thoughts started
racing in a chaotic whirl.
“Are they a stalker!? A burglar scouting my house!?”
“What the fuck.”
I had to act. Fast.
My hands trembled as I grabbed my phone and dialed the cops.
P: “Hornträger Police, what’s your emergency?”
M: “There’s someone outside my house, standing in the middle of the street,
looking right in the direction of my house. They’re wearing some kind of coat and
look kinda tipsy and very shady. Please send someone!”
P: “They’re just standing there?”
M: “Yes!”
P: “I understand this must feel unsettling, but unless they take further action,
there’s not much we can do right now. It’s not unusual for drunk people to act weirdly,
even if it seems odd.”
M: “What? …”
P: “Please, lock your doors and windows. If the situation escalates, do call us
immediately.”
M: “... Ok”
The line went dead.
The figure outside didn’t move. They were still standing there, watching.
I recoil, my breath gets heavier.
“Nobody’s coming…”
(00:15 – Messaging App)
I pull back my phone to message Annie, and quickly explain the situation to
her.
A: “And the police did nothing? Fuck”
M: “Yeah… I’m freaking out rn.”
A: “If you’d like, you can stay overnight at my place? Though I’m not sure if it’d
be wise to leave your house right now.”
M: “I didn’t even check the doors and windows yet. I’m in shock”
A: “You should do that! Check everything right now!”
M: “I think I know what I have to do…”
CHOICE:
-Check the doors and windows, and try to calm down. (Sift through your head
and calm your mind / Escapism Cow Clicker Bad Ending)
-Confront them (Only unlocks after all the other endings, True ending)
-Keep staring at them (Freeze and freak out psychologically Bad Ending)
-Abandon the house for the night and go to Annie’s house (Get comically
decapitated Bad Ending)