(0:20 - Desk)
I stood frozen for a moment, panic grasping at my throat.
M: “Right, I gotta get myself on lockdown here now Ann. ttyl”
I rushed from room to room, in the dark, checking every door, every window, every possible entrance into my house.
At every corner my mind produced violent scenarios, ways in which I could get caught, hit, slashed, shot, tortured on the spot.
At some point, I got into a trance, time was not a variable for me, I was checking locks on auto-pilot, while trying to vaguely stay in silence with every move.
Every noise felt like the last.
Eventually I locked down every possible entrance, and went back to my desk.
(0:30 - Desk)
	Coming back to my desk, I slowly veer towards the window and reluctantly peer through it.
M: “Are they still there…?”
…
M: “Mmm, guess not.”
I’m… not sure if that’s better or worse.
But I’ve done everything I could.
Goddamnit, my adrenaline is so high, I don’t think I can sleep until morning.

…
I’m gonna lay down for a bit.
(1:00 - Laying down)
While laying down, I tried to put my head back into place.
I tried to process it all.
The whole situation felt to me like the famous Immortal Snail Dilemma.
(Snail CG)
The Invincible, Invisible Snail. I thought about it since before I knew it was in the Zeitgeist, though I always imagined it as a human.
A human that would extremely slowly pan towards me, clipping through every physical barrier, and if I consciously pushed the air in their direction, I’d push them away in that direction.
But what if I pushed too much and they’d actually get closer again, crossing half the world and coming at me from behind?
Either way, it didn’t matter, they would eventually find me.
No matter how many locks I put in between us.
The control I have is an illusion.
…
That was definitely a thought experiment.
Which reminds me of another one.
One I’m sure every kid thought about:
(Parkour CG)
The imaginary super ninja figure parkouring through the landscape you imagine when on a cozy family road trip on the passenger seat.
Oh, how I miss those.
I miss the simpler times.
…
I need a distraction.
…
M: “I think I know just the one!”
I said, trembling with anticipation. 
That something bad might happen.
	But it’s outside of my control.
It’s outside of your control.

(3:00 - Desk)
Cow Clicker Section:
Maria starts playing Cow Clicker.
Eventually, after certain progress in the game of Cow Clicker, her view starts to both fade out and to get blurry, slowly.
After everything she went through, nothing seemed to have really mattered.
Maria got choked out while distracted with her game.
Bad End 1.
